Update issue templates (#45)
fsimphy/bayernfahrplan: .github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/bug_report.md

---
name: Bug report

> about: Create a report to help us improve

Reviewer: I think this can be misleading and needs another description; After all, an Enhancement also help us improve.

Author: @pheerai Well, this is the GiHub default :D Any better suggestions?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
about: Create a report to help us geting rid of errors
```
